Gustavo Guallar Recognition Given.

"2025-10-29 19:18:47",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Alejandro Delgado","Win Together","Give Recognition",,"During a recent visit to Store 6036 Naples, I had difficulty locating a vehicle that wasn’t staged for pickup. Alejandro promptly stepped in to help — he located the vehicle, prepared the title, and ensured everything was ready for departure. I was running slightly behind on my route, and his proactive support made all the difference in keeping things on schedule. Thank you, Alejandro, for your teamwork and dedication to delivering a great experience"
"2025-10-29 19:18:47",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Jessy Pesantes","Win Together","Give Recognition",,"During a recent visit to Store 6036 Naples, I had difficulty locating a vehicle that wasn’t staged for pickup. Alejandro promptly stepped in to help — he located the vehicle, prepared the title, and ensured everything was ready for departure. I was running slightly behind on my route, and his proactive support made all the difference in keeping things on schedule. Thank you, Alejandro, for your teamwork and dedication to delivering a great experience"
"2025-10-29 19:18:47",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Matt Douglas","Win Together","Give Recognition",,"During a recent visit to Store 6036 Naples, I had difficulty locating a vehicle that wasn’t staged for pickup. Alejandro promptly stepped in to help — he located the vehicle, prepared the title, and ensured everything was ready for departure. I was running slightly behind on my route, and his proactive support made all the difference in keeping things on schedule. Thank you, Alejandro, for your teamwork and dedication to delivering a great experience"
"2025-10-21 21:32:36",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Benaiah Gordon","Go for Greatness","Give Recognition",,"I’d like to recognize Benaiah Gordon for completing his most recent Pre-Trip Inspection with outstanding improvement and professionalism.

Over the course of three observations, Ben has shown consistent growth — applying feedback, refining his approach, and demonstrating clear progress each time. His attention to detail and commitment to follow the Pre-Trip Job Aid correctly reflect how dedication and practice lead to true mastery.

This steady improvement shows Ben’s drive to Go for Greatness and his commitment to continuous learning, safety, and operational excellence. Great work, Ben."
"2025-09-22 20:50:20",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Ramon Segura","Win Together","Give Recognition",,"I want to recognize Manny Velazquez and Ramon Segura for stepping up to cover a vehicle relay back to store 7108. Their quick coordination ensured the task was handled smoothly and without delay. This kind of support across schedules shows true teamwork and commitment to keeping our operations running strong. Thank you both for your help and for showing what it means to Win Together."
"2025-09-22 20:50:20",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Manny Velasquez","Win Together","Give Recognition",,"I want to recognize Manny Velazquez and Ramon Segura for stepping up to cover a vehicle relay back to store 7108. Their quick coordination ensured the task was handled smoothly and without delay. This kind of support across schedules shows true teamwork and commitment to keeping our operations running strong. Thank you both for your help and for showing what it means to Win Together."
"2025-08-25 17:37:19",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Santiago Munarriz","Win Together","Give Recognition",,"On Saturday, August 23, 2025, while completing a customer transfer to store 7113, Santiago Munarriz demonstrated outstanding initiative and a strong sense of team collaboration.

Upon learning that a customer at store 7113 was interested in purchasing a vehicle located at store 7110, he immediately took action. Santiago reached out to the entire 7110 Home Delivery team, provided the necessary vehicle information and stock number, and requested support to coordinate the transfer. Thanks to his quick thinking and clear communication, the team was mobilized efficiently to support the potential sale.

This kind of responsiveness not only supports sales success across stores, but also reflects true teamwork, ownership, and dedication to customer experience. Great work, Santiago, and thank you for stepping up and showing what it means to Win Together."
"2025-08-25 16:18:41",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Benaiah Gordon","Win Together","Give Recognition",,"I'd like to congratulate Benaiah Gordon for the outstanding focus and professionalism he demonstrated during his recent Pre-Trip Inspection observation, and the thoughtful way he applied that same knowledge when asked to observe my inspection as part of a two-way learning experience.

Benaiah used the Job Aid guidelines effectively, identifying key inspection steps and confidently providing accurate feedback when needed. His ability to recall and apply the proper procedures showed that he not only understands the standards, but also knows how to hold others to them.

This kind of engagement strengthens our team and reflects true learning, where understanding is deep enough to teach, not just follow. Great job, Benaiah, and thank you for showing that Doing the Right Thing means owning the process from both sides."
"2025-08-25 14:29:51",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Santiago Munarriz","Win Together","Give Recognition",,"I would like to congratulate Santiago Munarriz for completing his Pre-Trip Inspection observation and for the professionalism and initiative he displayed when I asked him to observe me conducting a Pre-Trip Inspection. Santiago accepted my request without hesitation and engaged fully, ensuring that I was following the proper procedures outlined in the Job Aid guidelines. 

This two-way learning approach reinforces the idea that growth is a shared responsibility and that feedback flows both ways. His participation demonstrated true teamwork, mutual respect, and a commitment to doing the right thing. 

Thank you, Santiago, for helping to create a culture where learning is reciprocal and continuous improvement is always encouraged."
"2025-08-22 10:21:36",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","victor Tapanes","Go for Greatness","Give Recognition",,"I'd like to recognize Santiago Munarriz for a successful Pre-Trip Inspection observation. Santiago demonstrated solid awareness of inspection procedures and accurately followed the Job Aid guidelines.
His use of the standardized process reflects a strong commitment to consistency, safety, and doing things the right way. Thank you, Santiago, for staying focused on the details that keep us running safely."
"2025-08-22 10:21:36",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Ramon Segura","Go for Greatness","Give Recognition",,"I'd like to recognize Santiago Munarriz for a successful Pre-Trip Inspection observation. Santiago demonstrated solid awareness of inspection procedures and accurately followed the Job Aid guidelines.
His use of the standardized process reflects a strong commitment to consistency, safety, and doing things the right way. Thank you, Santiago, for staying focused on the details that keep us running safely."
"2025-08-22 10:21:36",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Santiago Munarriz","Go for Greatness","Give Recognition",,"I'd like to recognize Santiago Munarriz for a successful Pre-Trip Inspection observation. Santiago demonstrated solid awareness of inspection procedures and accurately followed the Job Aid guidelines.
His use of the standardized process reflects a strong commitment to consistency, safety, and doing things the right way. Thank you, Santiago, for staying focused on the details that keep us running safely."
"2025-08-22 10:21:36",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Manny Velasquez","Go for Greatness","Give Recognition",,"I'd like to recognize Santiago Munarriz for a successful Pre-Trip Inspection observation. Santiago demonstrated solid awareness of inspection procedures and accurately followed the Job Aid guidelines.
His use of the standardized process reflects a strong commitment to consistency, safety, and doing things the right way. Thank you, Santiago, for staying focused on the details that keep us running safely."
"2025-08-22 10:21:36",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Ryan Diaz","Go for Greatness","Give Recognition",,"I'd like to recognize Santiago Munarriz for a successful Pre-Trip Inspection observation. Santiago demonstrated solid awareness of inspection procedures and accurately followed the Job Aid guidelines.
His use of the standardized process reflects a strong commitment to consistency, safety, and doing things the right way. Thank you, Santiago, for staying focused on the details that keep us running safely."
"2025-08-22 10:21:36",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Carlos Barrios","Go for Greatness","Give Recognition",,"I'd like to recognize Santiago Munarriz for a successful Pre-Trip Inspection observation. Santiago demonstrated solid awareness of inspection procedures and accurately followed the Job Aid guidelines.
His use of the standardized process reflects a strong commitment to consistency, safety, and doing things the right way. Thank you, Santiago, for staying focused on the details that keep us running safely."
"2025-08-22 10:21:36",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Benaiah Gordon","Go for Greatness","Give Recognition",,"I'd like to recognize Santiago Munarriz for a successful Pre-Trip Inspection observation. Santiago demonstrated solid awareness of inspection procedures and accurately followed the Job Aid guidelines.
His use of the standardized process reflects a strong commitment to consistency, safety, and doing things the right way. Thank you, Santiago, for staying focused on the details that keep us running safely."
"2025-08-22 10:21:36",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Kevin Mangum","Go for Greatness","Give Recognition",,"I'd like to recognize Santiago Munarriz for a successful Pre-Trip Inspection observation. Santiago demonstrated solid awareness of inspection procedures and accurately followed the Job Aid guidelines.
His use of the standardized process reflects a strong commitment to consistency, safety, and doing things the right way. Thank you, Santiago, for staying focused on the details that keep us running safely."
"2025-08-22 10:21:36",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Ariel Ceballos","Go for Greatness","Give Recognition",,"I'd like to recognize Santiago Munarriz for a successful Pre-Trip Inspection observation. Santiago demonstrated solid awareness of inspection procedures and accurately followed the Job Aid guidelines.
His use of the standardized process reflects a strong commitment to consistency, safety, and doing things the right way. Thank you, Santiago, for staying focused on the details that keep us running safely."
"2025-08-22 10:21:36",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Eris Castillo","Go for Greatness","Give Recognition",,"I'd like to recognize Santiago Munarriz for a successful Pre-Trip Inspection observation. Santiago demonstrated solid awareness of inspection procedures and accurately followed the Job Aid guidelines.
His use of the standardized process reflects a strong commitment to consistency, safety, and doing things the right way. Thank you, Santiago, for staying focused on the details that keep us running safely."
"2025-08-22 10:21:36",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Herman Blandon","Go for Greatness","Give Recognition",,"I'd like to recognize Santiago Munarriz for a successful Pre-Trip Inspection observation. Santiago demonstrated solid awareness of inspection procedures and accurately followed the Job Aid guidelines.
His use of the standardized process reflects a strong commitment to consistency, safety, and doing things the right way. Thank you, Santiago, for staying focused on the details that keep us running safely."
"2025-08-22 10:21:36",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Mandy Otero","Go for Greatness","Give Recognition",,"I'd like to recognize Santiago Munarriz for a successful Pre-Trip Inspection observation. Santiago demonstrated solid awareness of inspection procedures and accurately followed the Job Aid guidelines.
His use of the standardized process reflects a strong commitment to consistency, safety, and doing things the right way. Thank you, Santiago, for staying focused on the details that keep us running safely."
"2025-08-22 10:21:36",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Rene Rodriguez","Go for Greatness","Give Recognition",,"I'd like to recognize Santiago Munarriz for a successful Pre-Trip Inspection observation. Santiago demonstrated solid awareness of inspection procedures and accurately followed the Job Aid guidelines.
His use of the standardized process reflects a strong commitment to consistency, safety, and doing things the right way. Thank you, Santiago, for staying focused on the details that keep us running safely."
"2025-08-22 10:21:36",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Lazaro Puertas Leon","Go for Greatness","Give Recognition",,"I'd like to recognize Santiago Munarriz for a successful Pre-Trip Inspection observation. Santiago demonstrated solid awareness of inspection procedures and accurately followed the Job Aid guidelines.
His use of the standardized process reflects a strong commitment to consistency, safety, and doing things the right way. Thank you, Santiago, for staying focused on the details that keep us running safely."
"2025-08-22 10:21:36",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Richard Wallace","Go for Greatness","Give Recognition",,"I'd like to recognize Santiago Munarriz for a successful Pre-Trip Inspection observation. Santiago demonstrated solid awareness of inspection procedures and accurately followed the Job Aid guidelines.
His use of the standardized process reflects a strong commitment to consistency, safety, and doing things the right way. Thank you, Santiago, for staying focused on the details that keep us running safely."
"2025-08-22 10:21:36",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Esteban Arizaga","Go for Greatness","Give Recognition",,"I'd like to recognize Santiago Munarriz for a successful Pre-Trip Inspection observation. Santiago demonstrated solid awareness of inspection procedures and accurately followed the Job Aid guidelines.
His use of the standardized process reflects a strong commitment to consistency, safety, and doing things the right way. Thank you, Santiago, for staying focused on the details that keep us running safely."
"2025-08-15 17:19:09",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Carlos Barrios","Win Together","Give Recognition",,"I’d like to recognize Carlos for successfully completing his Pre-Trip Inspection observation and for demonstrating a strong commitment to Teamwork through safe and consistent practices.

Carlos not only followed each step using the standardized Job Aid guidelines, but also clearly understood why this process matters. His focus on vehicle safety, readiness, and operational efficiency reinforces the high standards we strive to maintain as a team.

Carlos sets a great example by doing things the right way and understanding the importance of Pre-Trip and Post-Trip Inspections with each truck use. His consistency and attention to detail help build a safer, more dependable operation for everyone.

Thank you, Carlos, for bringing excellence and purpose to this critical part of our daily work."
"2025-07-14 17:23:17",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Benaiah Gordon","Do the Right Thing","Give Recognition",,"I’d like to recognize Benaiah Gordon for exemplifying what it means to Do The Right Thing every morning. Benaiah demonstrates integrity and respect for the team by consistently performing a proper and thorough pre-trip inspection before his shift. His commitment to safety and delivering the best experience reflects the highest standards we strive for every day.

Benaiah’s hard work, responsibility, and attention to detail set a great example for all of us. Thank you, Benaiah, for showing that Doing The Right Thing not only keeps us safe but helps us all succeed together."
"2025-01-28 13:53:35",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Matt Douglas","Win Together","Give Recognition",,"I am grateful for Matthew's support during my transition from the four-car rollback team to the home delivery team. 

As a member of the rollback team, Matthew was an excellent teammate, and I was pleased to see him move up into management; I knew he would be a great manager.

During my time under his supervision, Matthew has been supportive, approachable, and understanding, encouraging me to pursue my goals. 

In summary, Matthew has become an exceptional mentor.

Thank you, Matthew.  Your support has been crucial to my success. Happy to be on the team.

Thank you, Sir.
"
"2025-01-28 12:49:59",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Rene Rodriguez","Win Together","Give Recognition",,"I want to thank Rene Rodrigues for continuing to share his knowledge with me on the operation of the new Hogan Stinger car hauler, especially this past Sunday, January 26, 2025, when we explored the new capabilities offered by cylinder six in combination with cylinders three and four. This feature helps manage space when transporting truckloads.
Thank you, Rene. Your guidance has been invaluable."
"2025-01-13 16:29:56",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Richard Wallace","Win Together","Give Recognition",,"Thank you, Richard, for allowing me to assist you with loading our new stinger car hauler this past Sunday. 

It was a pleasure working with you. 

The experience and tips you shared on properly operating the new stinger have significantly enhanced my knowledge.

Thank you once again!"
"2025-01-13 13:46:50",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Luis Rejon","Win Together","Give Recognition",,"I will attempt to summarize the support provided by Luis Rejon during my two years on the night shift. 
The lack of timely recognition was due to my unfamiliarity with the achiever's site and how to use it.
During my time as a rollback night driver, Luis Rejon provided me with guidance and support over and beyond his responsibilities as my lead driver, support that was essential for completing my duties.
Luis consistently offered me support and guidance, whether he was on duty, off duty, or even late at night. If I couldn't reach him on his work phone, I would call his personal phone, and though I may have woken him up a few times, he was always willing to help me.
Reflecting on this now, I realize that I may have relied on him a bit too much.
I truly appreciate your invaluable support, Luis. Thank you!"
"2024-11-19 19:22:54",APPROVED,"Social Recognition","Rene Rodriguez","Win Together","Give Recognition",,"I would like to recognize Rene Rodrigues for being an outstanding trainer. On November 17, 2024, due to a mechanical issue with truck number 142412, I was assigned to ride with Rene on the nine-car hauler. Throughout the workday, Rene shared an extensive amount of knowledge and experience with me. He provided me with an impressive, step-by-step tutorial covering techniques and safety procedures from position one in the truck to position nine on the trailer. 
His guidance significantly enhanced my understanding of the proper and safe use of the equipment.
Thank you, Rene."
